[Music]
23 days after Thanos used the Infinity
Gauntlet to disintegrate half of all
life in the universe Carol Danvers
rescues Tony Stark at nebula from deep
space and returns them to earth they
reunite with the remaining Avengers
Steve Rogers Thor Natasha Romanov James
Rhodes and rocket before locating Thanos
on an otherwise uninhibited planet they
plan to retake and use the Infinity
stones to reverse the disintegrations
but when they arrive there
Thanos reveals he destroyed them to
prevent further use an enraged Thor
decapitate Stannis five years later
Scott Lang escapes from the quantum
realm he heads to the Avengers compound
where he explains to romanov and Rogers
that he experienced only five hours
while trapped theorizing that the
quantum realm could allow time travel
the three ask stark to help them
retrieve the stones from the past to
reverse the Moses actions in the present
Stark refuses thinking of his wife
Pepper Potts and his daughter Morgan but
relents after looking at a picture of
himself and the late Peter Parker stark
and banner who has since merged his
intelligence with the Hulk's strength
failed the time machine banner notes
that changing the past does not affect
their present and he changes instead
create branched alternate realities
banner and rocket visit Thea's Guardian
refugees new home in Norway new Asgard
to recruit Thor now overweight and
drinking heavily despondent over his
failure to stop Thanos in Tokyo Romanov
recruits Clint Barton now a vigilante
following the disintegration of his
family banner Lang Rogers and Stark
traveled to New York City in 2012 banner
visits the sanctum sanctorum and
convinces the ancient one to give him
the time stone at stark tower Rogers
retrieves the mind stone but stark and
Lang's attempt to steal the space stone
fails allowing 2012 Loki to escape with
it Rogers and Stark traveled to shield
headquarters in 1970 where stark obtains
an earlier version of the space stone
and encounters his father Howard Stark
while Roger steals several Pym particles
from Hank Pym to return to the present
meanwhile rocket and Thor time traveled
to Asgard in 2013 extracting the reality
stone from Jane
Oster and retrieving Thor's hammer
Milner nebula and Rhodes traveled to
more egg in 2014 and steal the Power
Stone before Peter quill Ken Rhoads
returns to the present with the Power
Stone
but nebula is incapacitated when her
cybernetic implants link with those of
her past self through this connection
2014 Thanos learns of his future success
and the Avengers attempts to undo it he
captures nebula and sends 2014 nebula to
the present in the former's place Barton
and Romanov traveled to voir Mir in 2014
where the soul stones keeper the red
skull reveals it can only be acquired by
sacrificing someone they love Romanov
sacrifices herself allowing Barton to
obtain the soul stone reuniting in the
present The Avengers placed the stones
into a star created gauntlet which
banner resistant to the stones gamma
radiation he uses to resurrect the
disintegrated 2014 nebula uses the time
machine to transport 2014 Thanos and his
worship to the present where he attacks
the Avengers compound planning to
destroy and rebuild the universe with
the stones nebula convinces 2014 Gamora
to betray Thanos but fails to convince
2014 nebula and his force to kill her
Stark Rogers and Thor fight Thanos but
are outmatched
Danna summons his army to devastate
earth but a restored Stephen strange
arrives with other sorcerers the
restored Avengers the guardians of the
galaxy the armies of akanda and Asgard
and the Ravagers to fight Thanos and his
army alongside Carol Danvers who
destroys samus's warship as she arrives
after overpowering the heroes Dano
seizes the gauntlet but Stark steals the
stones back and uses them to
disintegrate Thanos and his army at the
cost of his own life
following Starks funeral Thor appoints
Valkyrie as the new ruler of new Asgard
and joins the guardians of the galaxy
rogers returns the Infinity stones and
millner to their original timelines and
remains in the past to live with Peggy
Carter in the present an elderly Steve
Rogers passes his shield and mantle onto
Sam Wilson
[Music]
you